Support for NPR Music comes from Capital
One, proud supporters of NPR Music and
the Tiny Desk Contest. What's in your
wallet? Learn more at capitalone.com.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I'm but
a holder of
>> [singing and music]
>> the richest
gems in the universe.
And through your [singing and music]
universe, I'm searching
signs of life,
signs of
>> [singing]
>> the times.
You think I'd rather find some surprise
of
diamonds in [singing] your eyes, just
just
down the middle, it's the same width.
Just turn it over while I breathe.
Hitting in either way.
>> [music]
>> Either way.
Either [singing] way.
>> [music]
>> I [music] built you all of these
>> [singing]
>> wooden houses
just [music] to soothe
>> [singing]
>> your dreams, and then I burn them down
just to see you
come
on out and I know that I'm a constant
[music and singing] reminder of
the person you left behind.
behind [singing]
>> [music]
>> Stress test
Down the middle it's the same weight.
Just a little while I breathe.
Getting in
>> [singing]
>> either way.
Stress test
Down the middle it's the same weight.
[singing]
Just a little while [music] I breathe.
Getting in
either way.
either way
>> [music]
>> either way
>> [screaming]
>> I'm inside.
I'm inside.
>> [singing]
>> I'm inside. I'm
>> [music]
>> I'm inside.
You.
I'm [singing] inside.
I'm inside.
You.
I'm
I'm [singing]
inside.
How do I
How do I leave?
How do
How do I
>> [singing]
>> How do I
>> [music]
>> There's a
pile of [singing] CDs
in the [music] corner over there
sharing the ground [singing]
with the tree,
that's the saving [music] grace
for the surrounding poisoned
[singing and music] air.
The longer that I stare [singing]
at this
>> [music]
>> cattle diamond,
I find it rare [music] and different,
this pile of memories.
They're always [music] lying there.
And I dance [singing]
three days, I dance three days, I dance
three days in the [singing] arms of my
lover.
I'm learning to grow [singing] in
faith.
Holds on through my growing [singing]
pains.
And I [music and singing] deserve to
rest in a California king bed
[music and singing] with my arms
outstretched and my dreams bleeding
[music] from my
head
into the sheets
instead.
And maybe I'm the chosen one you lost
in a rambling [singing] sun, I'll leave
you standing in a line that I
deserted
for [snorts] a better hand.
I deserve
a better hand.
It's
I
never learned
to be kind.
>> [music]
>> But I hear you get used to the pain
of heartbreak again and again.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Oh, I won't be [singing]
heartless.
So, be heartless
with me.
>> [music]
>> Oh, I won't [singing] be callous.
So, be callous
with me.
Oh, I won't be callous.
So, be callous
with [music] me.
Oh, I won't be callous.
So, don't make me callous. [music]
I won't be heartless. [singing]
>> [music]
>> So, don't [singing] make me
heartless.
Oh, I won't be [singing] callous.
[music]
So, don't make me
callous.
>> [singing]
[music]
>> Oh, I won't [singing]
be
>> [music]
[music]
[singing]
>> Thank you.
>> [applause and cheering]
[applause]
[sighs]
>> Deep breath.
>> [sighs]
>> I'm Anastasia. Thank you, Tiny Desk, for
having me. This is Yes, yes, yes.
[cheering] Hi.
>> [applause]
>> I'm so grateful to be here with my
lovely band. I have Hailey Niswanger on
sax and flute. Uh
>> [cheering and applause]
>> Yeah.
Vander on cello.
>> [cheering and applause]
>> Mia Garcia on sometimes upright bass.
Eunice on oud and guitar.
>> [cheering and applause]
>> And Aaron Liao on keys here.
>> [applause and cheering]
>> Legends, all of them.
>> So you want to be
the only one
to touch me [singing]
right here
between
the valleys.
>> [singing]
>> And the valleys protect [music] me
still.
Open plans,
>> [singing]
>> open [music] body.
Small [singing] seed
>> [music]
>> in an open mind.
Having nurtured [singing] it
>> [music]
[music]
>> Well, maybe [singing]
in a different timeline [music]
I was the [singing] perfect
girl for you.
Like a doll
on your shelf.
>> [music and singing]
>> Never
wanting.
>> [music]
>> So you want to be
the only one
to reach for me
>> [singing]
>> this time.
When the moon's so full and [singing]
round.
My hands I
>> [singing]
>> reach towards you.
I want to hold
>> [music]
[singing]
>> on too
tight.
And I find myself
>> [singing]
>> grasping at light.
>> [music]
>> Well, maybe [singing]
>> in a different timeline
I was the perfect [music]
girl for you.
Like a doll
on your shelf.
>> [music]
>> Never
wanting.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Never
wanting.
>> [music]
>> Take care.
>> [applause and cheering]
[applause]
>> Still on.
>> One, two, three, four.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Taken.
Taken back.
>> [music]
>> All that you left [singing]
within me.
All [singing] the doubts
and the lack.
And the [music] mocking
sense
insecurity. [music]
taken
>> [music]
>> taken by
all the anger [singing]
and the fury [music]
>> [music]
>> And I don't know [singing]
where
just
foreign
>> [singing]
>> and I
cry
for me.
>> [music]
>> Just foreign [singing]
>> and I cry for
me.
And cries
for me.
>> [music]
>> Taken
taken by
this old nightmare
and memory. [singing and music]
I hear your voice
>> [singing and music]
>> inside
my head.
Says that I'm
>> [singing]
>> the villain
>> [music]
>> of the story.
Says that I'm
the villain
of the story.
Says that I'm
the villain
>> [singing]
>> of the story.
>> I have to think about what
you said.
I'm alone
>> [screaming]
>> in my head.
>> [singing]
[singing]
>> I'm alone
in my head.
>> [singing]
>> I'm alone [music]
in my head.
I'm alone in my head.
>> [singing]
>> Take it.
Take it back.
All that [singing and music] you left
within me.
>> [music]
>> All the doubts
and the fear.
When love
was always [singing and music]
abundant.
In me.
THANK YOU.
>> [cheering]
[applause]
[cheering]
>> THANK YOU TO [applause] MY BEAUTIFUL
FRIEND.
>> [cheering]
>> THANK YOU FOR having us.
>> [applause]
>> What happens now?
>> I do it again?
>> Thanks for watching. Support for NPR
Music comes from Rivian, makers of
all-electric adventure vehicles,
including the R1S three-row SUV. More at
rivian.com.